Add high-res display scaling hint to “Optimizing canvas” doc (#14965)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/canvas_api/tutorial/optimizing_canvas/index.md

var ctx = canvas.getContext('2d', { alpha: false });
```

### Scaling for high resolution displays

> You may find that canvas items appear blurry on higher-resolution displays. While many solutions may exist, a simple first step is to scale the canvas size up and down simultaneously, using the its attributes, styling, and its context's scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may find that canvas items appear blurry on higher-resolution displays. While many solutions may exist, a simple first step is to scale the canvas size up and down simultaneously, using its attributes, styling, and its context's scale.
```

> You may find that canvas items appear blury on higher resolution displays. While many solutions may exist, a simple first step is to scale the canvas size up and down simultaneously, using the canvas' attributes, styling, and its context's scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may find that canvas items appear blurry on higher-resolution displays. While many solutions may exist, a simple first step is to scale the canvas size up and down simultaneously, using the its attributes, styling, and its context's scale.
```
